---
title: Featured Images!
date: 2020-01-24T22:25:56.939Z
description: >-
  In which I figure out how to work with the Gatsby.js image API, and make it
  play nice with Netlify CMS.
featuredImage: assets/unknown.png
---
Today I did a few things.

First, I migrated my Inferno Fall Unity3D project over from Gitlab to Github, and in doing so learned how to optimize git for Unity (harder than it sounds). Basically, I had been using Gitlab because they allow you to work with much larger files than Github does, and Unity seemed to require this. However, after some research I discovered that I could optimize things for unity and add a whole bunch of stuff to the .gitignore file. So now Git is only working with those files that are changed/changeable by the user and NOT those that are automatically generated by Unity itself. So far, seems to work fine! This is great because I've had all kinds of issues in the past with folks helping out on my other Unity project - the myLevelUP app - and getting git to work properly for them. Now it should all work much better. Yay!



The next thing I did was figure out how to work with the Gatsby.js image API. Yesterday I was really struggling, and I predicted it was some stupid little thing I was missing that was holding me back. Guess what? I was right! I just had neglected to install the correct plugin to make the image API work with the other plugins I was using!. One line of code later, and everything works! Yay! So now the blog has featured images baked in, and included in the Netlify CMS interface. SWEET!



Later I'm going to try migrating over the myLevelUP app from Gitlab to Github and test out both unity projects to ensure the process didn't break anything.



Tomorrow, I'm going to start a new version of the myLevelUP app website with Gatsby. This is ultimately the whole point of learning this framework: to build a web app with React/Gatsby.js that will be a parent/educator companion app for the child's game app. It will add sooooo much functionality and convenience for my users, I'm excited to get started building it! I'll write more about that later when I get into making real progress on that project.



In the meantime, the featured image for this post about sums up my experience so far with UX design..... lol. Of course really it's up to us, the designers to test things out in the real world and see if they work or not and if not then go back and MAKE IT WORK!

Okay, that's it for today!

PEACE!

\-mr
